big news in today's episode you came
here for the truth so let me unveil that
for you I want to cover a whole host of
issues today beginning with this out of
Bloomberg Republicans in state houses
across the US are devising legal tools
to
regulate public descent as demonstrators
take to the streets to protest Donald
Trump In Waves not seen since the
Vietnam War I'll stop right right there
do you agree with this do you believe
this is this fake news is it
exaggerated I'll leave those up to you
and I want to make a couple points
here perhaps I
was being too
shortsighted but a lot of
people I didn't realize until recently
the percentage on this that a lot of
people for example if they identify with
look I'm a liberal I'm a Democrat I'm a
conservative I'm a
republican they actually will tune in to
the radio stations TV newspapers
internet
websites that are biased
towards their you know their ideologies
and everything else and I could see you
know you're not going to read what
websites you're not interested in or or
view newspapers that have no interest in
I get that but to try to view the news
it's supposed to be
unbiased that's the whole point of news
it's just information you know a lot of
people come on here and there there
obviously two sides to
everything they'll tell me I really
liked your book
and I like your videos I like your work
that you do and if they are so inclined
to break down exactly why you'll see
they generally say the same thing you
give a lot of information in a short
period of time you never hear
individuals talking about the money GPS
and saying I really like this you know
you're talk about celebrity gossip or
something else I mean I'm I'm
exaggerating but you know all these
opinionated things and it's just silly
we have a lot of information we have to
cover it and that's it we move on just
the information just the facts no BS we
don't have time for that there's some
big stuff going on right now we have a
global economic collapse around the
corner and it's all already taking
effect we need to keep our eyes open so
when I read you this type of information
take it with a grain of salt we don't
know what's true anymore we can't just
say look Bloomberg's part of the you
know the establishment media and
therefore we have to exclude it it's not
really a good thing to do we need to
look at every single different website I
triy to give you as many different
sources as possible you'll notice that I
give you know government sources I show
you white papers on here I show you
things from ped researched you know
articles scientific
articles I show you all throughout
alternative media and mainstream media
everything everything everything I
believe it's so important to not just
look at one thing okay enough ranting
let's just move on quickly as you look
at the 10 at least 10 bills to limit
very frightening protests have been
introduced in recent months they're
talking about Trump but simultaneously
what they say is that recent months
meaning a lot of this was introduced
even before Trump whenever you limit
protests you have a big problem on our
hands you don't ever want to limit Free
Speech people have the right to say
anything they want as long as they're
not inciting violence they're allowed to
say they hate this and that they're
allowed to get out there with their
signs they're allowed to make a
statement and this is something that you
have as your right to to do so now if
you say it's your right to protest and
then you know you're smashing in Windows
no no no that's a whole different story
that's not
protesting and there's that line that's
really not
being addressed properly and they all
get lumped in together that's very
dangerous that's a problem
anyway there's much more in the article
I'm not going to get to it you've seen
it all in the news regardless
all right let's look at Puerto Rico
right here the governor signed a law on
Sunday that allows him to define a
central government services and set
aside money to pay for them setting the
vision of how to prioritize a mountain
of obligations the struggling US
Territory cannot afford you have a
situation right here that is critical
now the overall amount of money that's
involved here isn't nearly
as big as let's say the US national debt
for example okay it's not even close but
it's still significant because there's a
domino
effect people want to understand that
domino effect let me just give you one
example if Puerto Rico is bankrupt and
they
own let's just say
they you know something they bought a
lot of Apple stock for example well what
if all of a sudden they're bankrupt they
have to you know give it all up they
have to sell it all off or they have to
you know it gets written off or
something or maybe it's corporate bonds
government bonds anything else they
can't pay back everything gets written
off and how does this all work well
somebody's going to get screwed over and
a better example actually would be a
Pension funds and what if they invested
in these type of Pension funds or
indirectly in the Pension funds stocks
that maybe the pension fund invests in
and that takes a big hit people get
screwed over people get
hurt that's the ripple effect that is
very
important this happens to be just one
keep your eyes on
this because it's just a small piece of
the puzzle just a small one but I do
believe it's important then you look at
this there two articles in fact but
basically just quickly amazon.com's
amazon.com inks China arm has registered
as an ocean Freight forwarder according
to the US Federal Maritime commission a
move that will give its more control
over shipping products from Chinese
factories to us Shoppers this company is
huge it's massive it's growing and
growing and growing they're getting into
the whole drone thing I even read about
the patent that they want to put like a
huge blimp up in the sky and then use
that that is a distribution center I
mean this company is going wild they're
getting into all different things right
now and you know it's good in a way for
them that they've been able to do so
well you know I have my book selling at
Amazon I mean I do believe it's a good
business in that way it allows me to get
my books to people literally all over
the world like this it's great but it's
a double-edged sword
because then you look when a company has
uh has become so big it also has a lot
of political power they can swing things
in either direction when you look at you
know being able to buy off Media
organizations for example you can output
a bunch of garbage news at the same time
that doesn't fit your bias as I talked
about
earlier that's the danger that's the big
danger so I'll leave it uh their
basically connected article Amazon goes
to Great Lengths to get packages to the
customer hands as quickly as possible
even if it means employing drones those
efforts will now include putting
thousands of Amazon branded trucks onto
the road so it's getting to be massive
where they don't even want to use a
third party company for anything I mean
it's just massive it that's the only
word I can think
of this is a shortage of vegetables that
is occurring because of some weather in
Europe anyone trying to stock their
kitchen full of vegetables may have
noticed a shortage of their favorite
greens or Salad items basically a
shortage due to weather I'm going to
move on just connected article as the
vegetable shortage worse in Spanish
Grocers have begun hoarding
supplies the reason I mentioned this
right here very quickly is to talk about
the preparedness if people aren't
prepared for a disaster look you're
looking for a global economic collapse
and you're thinking when that happens
when the when the stock market starts
falling when people start rioting okay
I'm going to go to the store I'm going
to buy a whole bunch of stuff I'm going
to be good I'm going to be ready for
this what if it's a natural disaster
look at what happened in Hurricane
Katrina look at anything any natural
disaster that occurs a tornado comes
through a hurricane comes through and a
lot of people start panicking the store
shell empty and there's a big problem
but look at this just some cold happen
to destroy a lot of vegetables leaving
less food on the shelves it's dangerous
be prepared that's all I'm saying be
prepared in any way you can just be
prepared but not tomorrow today very
key this I thought was really good
good really good a private parking firm
has created an app that promises to pay
users to report illegally parked cars
the snitch environment is
rampant see something say something you
know that see something say something
campaign from Homeland Security just
isn't there it's in Toronto as well I've
seen it with my own eyes and I'm sure
others out there may want to mention if
they've seen it in their cities as well
their countries or
wherever but you know this whole thing
about the snitches the Soviet Union did
this very well very well you were
rewarded given your little you know
little doggy treats for being such a
good little boy or girl come and get
your little treats rat on your
neighbor yeah it's good you earned it
and then we finish off with
this record radiation level detected
inside damage Fukushima reactor wait a
minute wait a minute wait a minute this
was something that
occurred six years ago six years ago and
now at this time they are
detecting record amounts of radiation
you said it was being contained instead
you love lied and here we are today
facing the highest levels of radiation
they've
seen does that surprise anybody no
you've seen it here you've seen it in
all the the news that's coming out
they're not covering it enough but I'm
glad to see that there are some
organizations still covering this
information obviously I want to bring
that up and uh have it spread around
this is destroying the
ecosystem it's finding its way
into the oceans it's finding its way
into the air it's making its way around
polluting everything literally
destroying the ecosystem and it's not
being contained look where is you know
if they didn't want to admit it publicly
at least use some of the budget on
something like this to fix it stop
printing money to buy up stupid stocks
that nobody cares about when you could
be actually doing something that people
would be happy to pay higher taxes to
fix but of course that's not what they
want there is a
program
to maybe get rid of a one or two
people if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up
when you give me a thumbs up that helps
push these videos higher up in the
YouTube rankings people want to search
this type of information well if you
give it a thumbs up it's more likely
that they'll see it so I do appreciate
that very much and if you found the
video informative then I know you'll
find my book The Money GPS even more
informative head over to Amazon where
you can see this book you can flip
through it where they have this look
inside feature that will allow you to do
that so that's all take care